update docs references (#6)
cqse/teamscale-docker-deployment: README.md

# Teamscale Docker Deployment

This repository contains a reference configuration for deploying Teamscale using [*docker-compose*](https://docs.docker.com/compose/).

> This setup describes a more complex setup with multiple Teamscale instances used for staging and a reverse proxy for SSL termination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup uses multiple Teamscale instances for staging and a reverse proxy for SSL termination.
```

Focus is put on switching the production instance with zero downtime.

Although this repository will give you a good starting point in setting up Teamscale, we strongly recommend reading the following documentation first:
* [How to install Teamscale with Docker and docker-compose](https://docs.teamscale.com/howto/installing-with-docker/)
* [How to access Teamscale via a Reverse Proxy](https://docs.teamscale.com/howto/configuring-reverse-proxy/)

> Please refer to the according section in the [official documentation](https://docs.teamscale.com/howto/installing-with-docker/) and the [specific section](#single-instance) in this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [respective section](#single-instance) in this guide.
```
